Update readme for 0.4.1 (#20)
Automattic/publish-to-s3-gradle-plugin: README.md

In the library's main module's `build.gradle` file:

```groovy
buildscript {
    repositories {
        maven { url 'https://a8c-libs.s3.amazonaws.com/android' }
    }
    dependencies {

>         classpath 'com.automattic.android:publish-to-s3:0.4.1'

Reviewer: Note to self (just thinking / writing this out loud here (1) so I can try to make sense of it (2) so someone can confirm my reasoning or correct me if I'm wrong).

 - This `publish-to-s3` part of the `classpath` is based on the _project name_ ; see [`settings.graddle.kts`](https://github.com/Automattic/publish-to-s3-gradle-plugin/blob/update-readme-for-0.4.1/settings.gradle.kts#L1)
 - The `publish-library-to-s3` in `apply plugin:` below is defined via `plugins.register` in [`plugin/build.gradle.kts`](https://github.com/Automattic/publish-to-s3-gradle-plugin/blob/update-readme-for-0.4.1/plugin/build.gradle.kts#L34-L35)
 - The `s3PublishLibrary` below is the plugin extension, declared via [`project.extension.create` in `PublishLibraryToS3Plugin.kt`](https://github.com/Automattic/publish-to-s3-gradle-plugin/blob/update-readme-for-0.4.1/plugin/src/main/kotlin/com/automattic/android/PublishLibraryToS3Plugin.kt#L14)
 - The `publishLibraryToS3` gradle task name is defined [in `PublishLibraryToS3Plugin.kt` here](https://github.com/Automattic/publish-to-s3-gradle-plugin/blob/update-readme-for-0.4.1/plugin/src/main/kotlin/com/automattic/android/PublishLibraryToS3Plugin.kt#L8)

---

@oguzkocer any reason why the extension's name doesn't seem to follow the naming logic as the project and plugin (which are all reading like "publish X to S3" but the extension reads "S3 publish X")? No idea if there is usually some naming convention around this, or if this was just arbitrary (and in that case wouldn't naming the extension `publishLibraryToS3Extension` or something like that help being consistent?)

Not a blocker for that PR and the update of that README at all, just me wondering 😉

Author: @AliSoftware The naming inconsistency is mostly an oversight, but also I am still not sure how to name the extensions. I don't think we'd want to have a `Extension` postfix, because in the build file the configurations are all extensions, so it'd be redundant. However, we can for sure name it `publishLibraryToS3` which would be an improvement over the existing name.

My concern is that even your suggested name doesn't make it very clear that it's about configuring the behavior of the plugin, but I guess at that point, we have to rely on convention. My uneasiness about this may be related to not being used to this convention.

Anyhow, I created an issue for taking care of this when I am making other changes to the plugin: https://github.com/Automattic/publish-to-s3-gradle-plugin/issues/21.

Thank you for the suggestion!

Author: > This publish-to-s3 part of the classpath is based on the project name ; see settings.graddle.kts

Although the statement is correct, the link is to the root `settings.gradle.kts` file which is incorrect. Here is where the project name is defined: https://github.com/Automattic/publish-to-s3-gradle-plugin/blob/trunk/plugin/settings.gradle.kts#L1

When we publish an artifact, unless it's modified, it uses the `group:projectName` format where group is defined here: https://github.com/Automattic/publish-to-s3-gradle-plugin/blob/trunk/plugin/build.gradle.kts#L12

Reviewer: > Although the statement is correct, the link is to the root settings.gradle.kts file which is incorrect.

Ah, good catch! (I think that's the one I intended to link at first but messed up when changing the branch reference in the URL during pasting)

> When we publish an artifact, unless it's modified, it uses the group:projectName format where group is defined here: https://github.com/Automattic/publish-to-s3-gradle-plugin/blob/trunk/plugin/build.gradle.kts#L12

That's good info, thanks!

The plugin applies & configures the `maven-publish` plugin by adding the S3 repository as well as a `MavenPublication` that uses the calculated version name. It provides 3 Gradle tasks:

> * `publishLibraryToS3` takes `--branch-name`, `--sha1`, `--tag-name` & `--pull-request-url` command line arguments and uses the information to calculate a version name, verify that this version is not already published to S3 and finally calls `publishS3PublicationToS3Repository` gradle task which will publish the artifacts to S3.

Reviewer: ~Unsure why we need all of `--branch-name`, `--sha1` AND `--tag-name`, can't we infer one from the other?
Or if those arguments are supposed to be exclusive (i.e. you're supposed to use only one of them depending on what you want to achieve), might be worth making that clearer?~

nvm, I see when I look beyond just the diff and also read what's below in the README file, this is all already explained in details further down 👍 

Still maybe worth adapting the wording? 🤔 
```suggestion
* `publishLibraryToS3` can take a mix of the following command line arguments: `--branch-name`, `--sha1`, `--tag-name`, `--pull-request-url`. Depending on the arguments passed, it uses the information to calculate a version name (see below), verify that this version is not already published to S3 and finally calls `publishS3PublicationToS3Repository` gradle task which will publish the artifacts to S3.
```

Author: I like the wording you've suggested and applied it directly in dab5425836e808702af8e9a38c81fc990d91432e.
